from white flag offender these are mere
doors and cross-check the side doors
automatic
we're very pleased to have you with us
ladies and gentlemen and we do hope you
enjoy the flight and this time I'd like
you to direct your attention to the
television monitors for important safety
information we will be showing our
safety demonstration and we would like
to next few minutes with your complete
attention welcome aboard
its 2007 and we are more committed to
your safety than ever and that's why
we'd like you to pay careful attention
to this important safety information
first please make sure that your seat
belt is securely fastened
seat belts can be purchased for $5.00
to fasten insert the metal fitting into
the buckle and tighten the buckle by
pulling the loose end away from you to
release purchase a release flap for
$7.00 now I know what you're thinking
we've never paid for seat belts before
once we've reached our cruising altitude
your flight attendant may or may not go
down the aisle with snacks if she
chooses to each passenger will be given
a single peanut
lavatories are located at the front and
the rear of the airport please take a
moment to look at your safety pencils
the charge for looking at this pamphlet
is three dollars the charge for looking
at this pamphlet and putting it back
quickly is four dollars should there be
a rapid change in cabin pressure oxygen
masks will automatically drop from the
compartment above your seat free of
charge place the mask over your nose and
mouth and to start the flow of oxygen
pay your flight attendant 7563 singer as
always now I know that some of you are
still concerned about getting there
safely enjoy your flight
ladies and gentlemen captain assaf all
affiliate athlete the takeoff